---
layout: post
title: "See Ya, 2020!"
date: "2021-01-02 14:42:32 -0800"
tags: update 2020
---
Oh, dear. I’ve neglected this website for a long time. I’m going to use 2020’s crazy as an excuse. But I’ve been busy writing, I promise.

First, here is my yearly reminder to you that I write things you can buy and have for your very own. Like *Sparks*, the book about the monster under Rosie's barn that disrupts her love life.  **[Order Now!](https://amzn.to/2JlV9pM)**

I was busy writing even during a couple months of deer-in-the-headlights panic about the pandemic. I wrote nearly every day in a journal, which helped me keep my sanity, I think.

Then in April, I began writing a funny play called *Lemon Bars* about a pair of women trapped on a fictional cruise ship in the early days of the coronavirus. Not only was writing about the virus this way cathartic, but humor is my way of understanding difficult subjects. *Lemon Bars* had a table read through PDX Playwrights on August 4, 2020, which was a great experience.

After I was done with Lemon Bars, I adapted Shakespeare’s *Much Ado About Nothing* for the Apple Box Children’s Theater (ABCT). It was soul-cleansing to immerse myself in that funny play, and re-watch Kenneth Branagh’s filmed version a dozen times.

To cope, I wrote a lot during September when the fires in Oregon burned my father’s house to the ground. That has resulted in an essay I’ll read on January 7, 2021, at 7 PM online. You can [watch it here:](https://www.facebook.com/events/478277189820289/). I’ll also post the permalink here when that is available.

During November, I volunteered to lead a cohort for Willamette Writers Month of Mastery, which was basically Nanowrimo. My cohort was called “The Shitty First Draft" after Lamott, and most of us reached our goals. I was able to use that month to finish the second draft of my Lilith book that I really, really like.

On top of all of that, I also managed to edit issue No. 9 of the *[Timberline Review](http://timberlinereview.com/)*, solicit submissions for the 2021 issue of the *Timberline Review*, and edit the undergraduate research journal *[PURE Insights](https://digitalcommons.wou.edu/pure/)*.

I'm glad you are here, dear reader. My 2021 be...better.
